Update tutorial build service v3 (#374)
Financial-Times/origami-website: _tutorials/build-service.md

## Component <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>

Now we come to the second step in putting our page together, and a big part of what makes the Origami Build Service a quick solution.

The Origami Build Service will perform a number of build steps to compile and bundle up the <abbr title="Sassy Cascading Style Sheets">SCSS</abbr> that most Origami component styles are written in. Since it is all bundled for us to pick and choose from, let's begin by styling our grid. This means we'll have to add a `link` tag to our `<head>` tag.

<pre class="o-layout__main__full-span"><code class="o-syntax-highlight--html">&lt;link rel="stylesheet" href="https://www.ft.com/__origami/service/build/v3/bundles/css?components=o-grid@^{{site.data.components.o-grid.version}}&brand=master&system_code=origami"/></code></pre>

> The `href` attribute references the Origami Build Service endpoint that serves a <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> bundle. The most important part of this url is the `components`, `brand`, and `system_code` query parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `href` attribute references the Origami Build Service endpoint that serves a <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> bundle. The most important parts of this url are the `components`, `brand`, and `system_code` query parameters.
```

The system code is the <a href="https://biz-ops.in.ft.com/list/Systems">bizops system code</a> for the FT system which is making the Origami build service request. Make sure to update this to a code for your system. For the purposes of this tutorial only we'll use `origami`.

> The component query parameter is used to specify what components and which version we want to include. The the above we request `o-grid@^{{site.data.components.o-grid.version}}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component query parameter is used to specify what components and which version we want to include. In the above we request `o-grid@^{{site.data.components.o-grid.version}}`.
```
